After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:

https://sleepy-fortress-71203.herokuapp.com/index.php

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/rasputtim/cs313-personalweb.git

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.

The project is a one page project.
The menu (navbar) is working and guide the visitor to the several parts of the web page.
Project option link to the description for the project 01 
Assignments option lionk to the assignments for the cs313 class
Class option links to information about the class, its goals and other information


4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

All requirements are working properly


5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.

the coolest thing was to remember Javascript, Json, Jquery and other things I have learned in Web Engineering I.

6. What is the difference between an HTTP Get and Post? When should each be used?

POST - supply additional data from the client (browser) to the server in the message body
GET - include all required data in the URL

Comparation
GET
   Can be bookmarked. remain in browser history.The parameter data is limited to the max size of the url. Data type limited to ascII characters. Less secure. Can be cached
POST 
   Cannot be bookmarked. no parameter limitation. No limitation of data types, Byinary data is allowed. Mose secure, should be used to send passwords and other sensitive information. cannot be cached.

One shall understand the differences and use them according the necessity.


7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment: 5
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category

I showed my creativity by using json as a database to describe the assignments part of the page. What was beyond the required.
